agent-to-agent token exchange (#6220)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/ai-agent-token-exchange-EA/main/agent-to-agent/exchange-token-for-idjag.md

> In this step, Agent 2 receives the access token (T3) from Agent 1. Agent 2 validates the request by performing another token exchange, exchanging T3 at the org authorization server for an ID-JAG token (T4). Agent 2 also adds itself to the actor chain. The ID-JAG now reflects Agent 2 as the immediate actor, with Agent 1 in the delegated chain, and the original service client as the origin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this step, Agent 2 receives the access token (T3) from Agent 1. Agent 2 uses T3 to perform another token exchange, exchanging T3 at the org authorization server for an ID-JAG token (T4). Agent 2 also adds itself to the actor chain. The ID-JAG now reflects Agent 2 as the immediate actor, with Agent 1 in the delegated chain, and the original service client as the origin.
```
or something along those lines, it's not 'validating' the request

```bash
  curl --request POST https://{yourOktaDomain}/oauth2/v1/token \
    --header 'Accept: application/json' \
    --header 'Content-Type: application/x-www-form-urlencoded' \
    --data-urlencode "grant_type=urn:ietf:params:oauth:grant-type:token-exchange" \
    --data-urlencode "subject_token=eyJraWQiOiJQLVgxeC1ITWtuSThPS0lUeE5TWVlsMHR0blJobUY4Q0xTaU..." \
    --data-urlencode "subject_token_type=urn:ietf:params:oauth:token-type:access_token" \
    --data-urlencode "requested_token_type=urn:ietf:params:oauth:token-type:id-jag" \
    --data-urlencode "audience=https://{yourOktaDomain}/oauth2/{authServerId}" \

>     --data-urlencode "resource=https://agent2.{yourOktaDomain}" \

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
